CDH-4506: Migration of audit log (#3476)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/datahub/operating-datahub-bundle/viewing-audit-logs.md

### System log {#system-log}

> In the Application switcher, select **Administration** and navigate to **Accounts > Audit logs** to view the system-related [audit log entries](/standard-tenant/monitoring/#audit-logs) for {{< product-c8y-iot >}} DataHub. The log entries comprise for example information on offloading configurations, Dremio users, and initial configuration. At the top of the page you can filter for those entries by selecting *DataHub* under **Type**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Switch to the Administration application and navigate to **Accounts > Audit logs** to view the system-related [audit log entries](/standard-tenant/monitoring/#audit-logs) for {{< product-c8y-iot >}} DataHub. The log entries comprise, for example, information on offloading configurations, Dremio users, and initial configuration. At the top of the page, you can filter for those entries by selecting "DataHub" under **Type**.
```

Author: Done
